W-14809892 pdk troubleshooting gr (#482)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: pdk/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-pdk-troubleshooting.adoc

endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> When using the Policy Development Kit (PDK), you might encounter issues with PDK itself. See the following sectios to help you resolve these issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Policy Development Kit (PDK), you might encounter issues with PDK itself. See the following sections to help you resolve these issues:
```

Reviewer: I think Vale or spell check will catch this typo.

* <<cargo-generate>>
* <<cli-credential>>
* <<group-id-error>>
* <<authorization-error>>

To debug issues with your custom policy, see:

* xref:policies-pdk-debug-local.adoc[]
* xref:policies-pdk-debug-deployed-policies.adoc[]

[[cargo-generate]]

> == Cargo Generate Error on a Mac Device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Cargo-Generate Error on a Mac Device
```

Reviewer: Cargo-Generate is a compound adjective modifying error

When compiling Rust on a Mac Device for the first time, the following error might occur:

[source,ssh]
----
$ cargo install cargo-generate
error: linking with `cc` failed: exit status: 1
[...]
----

> To trouble shoot this error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To troubleshoot this error:
```

. Ensure Xcode is installed.
+
To install Xcode, execute the following command:
+
[source,ssh]
----
xcode-select --install
----

> . If Xcode is installed, create or edit the `~/.cargo/config.toml` by adding the following:

Reviewer: If this is step 2 and we assume they've already ensured Xcode is installed, can you remove up to the comma?

> . If Xcode is installed, create or edit the `~/.cargo/config.toml` by adding the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create or edit the `~/.cargo/config.toml` file by adding the following:
```

+
[source,toml]
----
[target.x86_64-apple-darwin]
rustflags = [
  "-C", "link-arg=-undefined",
  "-C", "link-arg=dynamic_lookup",
]
[target.aarch64-apple-darwin]
rustflags = [
  "-C", "link-arg=-undefined",
  "-C", "link-arg=dynamic_lookup",
]
----

[[cli-credential]]
== Anypoint CLI Credential Error

> Anypoint CLI requires Multi-factor authentication (MFA) with a Connected App. Using any PDK command with out Connected App credentials throws an error similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint CLI requires multi-factor authentication (MFA) with a Connected App. Using any PDK command without Connected App credentials results in an error similar to the following:
```

[source,ssh]
----
Error: Failed to launch the browser process! undefined
[...]:ERROR:ozone_platform_x11.cc(239)] Missing X server or $DISPLAY
[21921:21921:1103/113335.217708:ERROR:env.cc(255)] The platform failed to initialize. Exiting.
TROUBLESHOOTING: https://pptr.dev/troubleshooting
----

To configure Anypoint CLI with MFA authentication using a Connected App, refer to xref:4.x@anypoint-cli::auth.adoc[].

[[group-id-error]]
== Group ID Error When Creating the Policy Project

> Anypoint CLI uses the `ANYPOINT_ORG` environment variable. This variable can use either the Organization Name or the Organization ID as the value. If the variable is set to the Organization Name, the xref:policies-pdk-create-project.adoc[policy creation command] fails to infer the Group ID of the organization. 

Reviewer: Do Organization Name, Organization ID, and Group ID need to be init cap? (are they proper nouns?)

> It is recommended to use the Organization ID for the value `ANYPOINT_ORG`. However, if you cannot change the variable, there are two options to provide the Group ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Organization ID for the value of `ANYPOINT_ORG`. However, if you cannot change the variable, use one of the following methods to provide the Group ID:
```

* If you run the create command and receive the following prompt:
+
[source,ssh]
----

> Please provide a valid group-id (the id of the organization that will own the asset):

Reviewer: In this case, it's "group-id".

> Please provide a valid group-id (the id of the organization that will own the asset):

Reviewer: Suggest to dev to use the same language as the docs. And use "ID" instead of "id".

----
+

> Enter your Group ID, then press enter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter your Group ID, then press Enter.
```

Reviewer: Use Title Capitalization for key names (per Style Guide).

> * Or, use the `--group-id` flag when creating the PDK project, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the `--group-id` flag when creating the PDK project, for example:
```

Reviewer: The "Or," is not necessary with an either/or bullet list.

+
[source,ssh]
----
anypoint-cli-v4 pdk policy-project create -n <policy-name> --group-id <organization-id>
----

[[authorization-error]]
== 401 Authorization Error When Running Make Setup

When executing `make setup', the following error might occur:

[source,ssh]
----
$ make setup
       Login token for `anypoint` saved
[...]

Caused by:
  failed to get successful HTTP response from `https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/crates[...]/download` [...], got 401
  body:
make: *** [install-cargo-anypoint] Error 101
----

This error occurs when your version of Rust is not {rust-ver-var} or later.

> To solve this error, refer to xref:policies-pdk-prerequisites.adoc#rust-requirements[Rust Requirements] to update your Rust requirements.

Reviewer: Update your requirements? Or "ensure that your installation meets the requirements"?
